do you do miss walks into the stools now
and they're just about ready signals are
given Shane Ryan set to send them on
their way
gates are back they're racing in the
Darby and moat are a little slow to move
move two heads from the inside one of
the first out and tap that came out very
quickly
golden barrows began well and dear Dumas
goes forward and it's Japan one two and
three as they race past the judge the
first time and towards the turn out of
the straight tap that claimed the rail
Golden Bear Oh second
Theodore mustard and sir fever got
caught in traffic had to check going
into that Bend moved ahead settles on
the rail Elna GML phase pushes up in the
middle a lengthened a half away faithful
creak on the outside of motor my Johnny
be good as second last and maftoul
had dropped out to the rear of the field
after they left 400 meters behind in 26
flat and traveling down the back tap
that showed the way at the 1,100 meters
pegged from golden barrows surf fever
has now hooked wide on the track he's
four deep going up to attack
dear Dumas is three wide in a line of
fours they really test themselves
heading towards that back corner moved
to hedges a length away at the 800
meters mark enjoying the run of the race
wonder moat are three-quarters of a
length to faithful Creek then maftoul
followed by my Johnny be good and elder
gem elf face had dropped out to be a
long last of all as tap that brings them
to the 500 meters Pig they're about to
round the bend tap that and Golden Bear
owes the Japanese pair flattened for the
run to the judge moved to hedge is a
length and a half away he comes around
their heels now and is about to give
chase mob to hedge moved up with 250
meters left to go went straight past the
leading pair and went for home crystal
Simeon put his foot flat to the medal
and the Derby's all over muff the hedge
is absolutely tearing away it's a matter
of how far move to hedge eased in the
run of the judge has won the Derby with
maftoul
running on to get second but beaten a
long way Golden Bear
third motor fourth and then came tap
that followed by sir fever then faithful
Creek dear Dumas my Johnny be good and a
long break to all the Gemmill phase last
of all